Megalit gameplay logic (#11)
KirbyG/popils-np-completeness: README.md

> We have developed a novel proof technique for demonstrating NP-completeness of simple arcade games that rely on gravity as a primary mechanic. This project supports an upcoming paper (<paper-filename>.pdf) that applies the technique to Popils and Megalit. 
> 
> graphical and mechanical simplifications
> 
> 3SAT Example Library: https://www.cs.ubc.ca/%7Ehoos/SATLIB/benchm.html
> 
> TODO remove manual cmd line entry, adopt DIMACS input format, and add input example to this file (jacob)
> 
> TODO (kirby)
>     blocks can see their slabs
>     allow exit during solve
>     fix Game repr
>     scrolling
>     class breakouts
>     megalit
>         mechanics
>         reduction (fix obvious issue first)
>         solver
> 
> TODO (both)
>     make code presentable
>     contact Professor Williams
>     write the actual paper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have developed a novel proof technique for demonstrating NP-completeness of simple arcade games that rely on gravity as a primary mechanic. This project supports an upcoming paper (<paper-filename>.pdf) that applies the technique to Popils and Megalit. 

3SAT Example Library: https://www.cs.ubc.ca/%7Ehoos/SATLIB/benchm.html

TODO (jacob)
    remove manual cmd line entry
    adopt DIMACS CNF input format
    add input example to this file
    convert existing files to new format and .cnf extension
    Make README more useful

TODO (kirby)
    blocks can see their slabs
    scrolling
    class breakouts
    megalit
        mechanics
        reduction (fix obvious issue first)
        solver

TODO (both)
    fix Game repr
    allow exit during solve
    refactor code (comments and organization)
    write the actual paper
```
